In this video I'll demonstrate how to carry out a scheduled Wii motion.
So here's my virtual machine.
Wii motion demo.
And I can see that it is currently running on Host 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 9 9 1 0 3.
And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to click on the virtual machine and I'll go to a monitor and
other tasks and events we can see these scheduled tasks area and I'm going to choose to schedule a new
task.
And you have all different options you can choose from.
Right.
And if you need to reboot a VM but you want to do it after hours you can schedule that.
Or if you want to suspend or migrate or clone or take a snapshot you can schedule all of those options
and I'm going to show you how to schedule of emotion.
So I'm going to do just a regular old the motion is going to move from one host to another I'm going
to choose the destination host which in this case is going to be 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 9 9 out 100 I'll choose
to keep it on the 1 9 9 Network.
And I'm going to schedule a Wii motion with high priority.
And here we go.
I can set my schedule here by clicking change and I want this to happen at let's see.
It's about 3:30 p.m. I'm going to have it happen at 9:30 p.m. 9:30 4:00 p.m. tonight.
So this is going to happen after hours tonight and whenever it gets done it's going to send me an email
confirming that it's actually been completed.
Right so it is a great way to set up a scheduled Wii motion that's going to occur at some point later
on in the day.
Right and it's especially useful when we start dealing with storage of emotion.
So remember this when we start talking about storage of emotion which is much more resource intensive
these scheduled migrations are really valuable for storage of emotion.